Natsumori
Liquid air comes out box
Like candy
What, what!
Oh, yeah!
Dance, sing and dance
Our desires areanted
Scream, go away!
In addition, it would be nice to avoidINDASTANB fantasies thatso
reed in the
way to Nonsan Anemone
.
The dancing heart is waiting for you
Tears are falling, tears are falling
Tamoto Yukashiyana, come and see
The beautiful Memoto, come and see
The flower girl of the Minato Festival
Come and see, come and see
The dancing heart is waiting for you
Tears are falling, tears are falling
Tamoto Yukashiyana, come and see
The beautiful Memoto, come and see
The dancing heart is waiting for you
The spring Yukohama, come and see
The flower girl of the Minato Festival
The sky is filled with the sound of prayers
Come and see, come and see
The spring Yukohama, come and see
The dancing heart is waiting for you
Tears are falling, tears are falling
Thank you for watching!